hey guys I was wanting to show you the
hair that I've installed a couple days
ago and I bought it from best hair ba
com I didn't see a lot of reviews on
youtube or pretty much anybody I saw a
few Caucasian women that we're just
doing kids but I disini one that was
like you know installing like I guess
tracks so I wanted to try them out and
just to see how you know the Harriet so
what i did is i purchased two bundles of
14 inches of 14 inch of brazilian hair
and i sold my hair on a week out my fist
and i just cut the hair in the middle
I'm not just cut the cap in the middle
and i just did a 34 react and i left
quite a bit of my hair out so right now
i got like a side part but i can part it
in the middle so like this right here
the mirrors right here guys I'm sorry
but this right here is my hair and it
blended in well like with my hair and
when I got it it came in this packaging
right here okay and I got a free Gil got
a scarf with it pretty pretty okay and
um let's say I think trying to think I
got a color pink on number 1 B but it
looks really really like light brown to
me like lighter than the one B is almost
like I guess you know Brown don't know
but um this is what his light look like
guys
hey
and when I got the hair in um when I got
it in um and I washed it I shampoo that
condition it I let it air dry but before
I let when I was finger combing it and
just kind of like messing with it before
I washed conditioning there was a lot of
quite bit of shedding but after i sealed
my with and i put it onto my leak out it
just like totally stopped so i really
haven't seen why any hair come out at
all so i guess i did good with the
ceiling the website really well but
that's about it it's all i can think of
but i guess it's for you ladies that
maybe want them to kind of like you know
I'm kind of scared there's no reviews
about this company you know I would like
to try them out but you know just well
here it is ok so I'm telling you about
the hair and I guess from I guess rating
from one to ten I would maybe get it
give it give them maybe like a seven um
the shipping was it wasn't as fast to me
I think I got my package in almost like
within the way awake or whatever so I
think to me it just took a minute for to
get here but the customer service
because some circles is really really
good I spoke to a lady and she was
really really really nice and she was
sweet and stuff and she helped me out a
lot and the curl pattern it's not
straight it's the body wave hair that i
have so i did have a i think i had like
a curly a curly texture type hair and i
really didn't want that so i wanted to
change it out so when i called them well
I didn't call them my email her so when
i wrote to this lady she was really nice
and got to me like really quick and just
changed my order out and stuff and I got
this Harry in so pretty much a raw
everything good but i'll let you know
and they say you can diet
so um I will be trying that maybe in a
week or so so look out for that guys I
will try to diet and just do everything
that I can to it or whatever so just
look out for that and we'll see how that
turned out um let me think I'm guessing
that is it oh I not pay I got two
bottles i paid 123 dollars and it was
free shipping over a hundred dollars so
i paid a hundred twenty-three 23 dolls
for the two bundles of 14 inches and
that was basically it so but so far I
love the hair i love the weight feel um
i think with the curling when i try to
curl the hair it takes a little longer I
think but not that long or whatever but
to me it just takes a minute for the
curl and it's not really like a tomato
really give a good curl or whatever so I
think that's one of the downfalls of the
hair I just don't think it curled that
well to me but it does Colonel but it's
more like a light tahsil tousled curl to
me and that's it but uh that's basically
it but uh guys here it is
what I like
very good and it feels really really
good I love it but uh guys if you have
any questions or whatever please feel
free to write me and let me know or if
I've missed out on anything right me let
me know and I will get back to you okay
all right bye bye